Well, good evening, family. Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I really appreciate it. I have some things I have to say really quick.
We see these things that we talked about last night. Now, last night was very different.
Everything the Lord showed us in prayer last night was pretty much over the top.
I believe I saw Ezekiel, and he was standing on the side of a mountain, and I saw a valley of desolate dryness.
It was black and white; it wasn't in color. It looked like spiritual warfare.
And as the valley was black and white, as I was looking into the vision, I could see Ezekiel standing up with a long robe with holes in his gown.
It had holes all in it at the bottom where it would drag the rocks, because they didn't have pavement back then.
But he had a long shofar in his hands that was a massive horn, and his beard was clear down to the middle of his belly in the vision, and it was gray.
His hair was long; his facial hair was very thick and long, like he had been in the wilderness.
As he was standing there, I saw light beside him and I could see all these clouds.
I heard from a distance with a thunderous voice, "Can these bones live?"And all of a sudden, he took that shofar and he blew it.
It was a long blast, and it was very beautiful sounding, but it echoed the presence of God through that valley.
The glory of the Lord went through that valley, and water started to come from a massive tree.
It didn't come from the tree; it went by the tree, because there are scriptures that back this.
I saw the river of this water start to flow the moment he blew the horn, and it started going over this cliff of a beautiful rock.
He was standing, then he sat down and took his place of authority by resting at the edge of this rock, and the water came over and he was looking at it.
I saw the tree, and it was one of those large sequoia trees, a massive tree that was right by the river of water.
As I was looking into this, I saw a piece of fruit that was cut in half.
There was a seed in the fruit that looked like a peach pit, covered with blood. It was covered with the blood of Jesus.
And the Lord was showing us that all the seeds laid dormant, but they're not dead. The seeds from the past will have a harvest come at last.
I saw the manifestation of all the seeds we've sowed, whether they be bad or good; seed time and harvest never ceases.
The Lord gave us Genesis 8. I saw seed time and harvest accelerating, and I saw the blessing.
The Lord said, "Pray over your past seeds for a crop failure."So we call for a crop failure over our past seeds so that they don't bear any fruit.
It was absolutely beautiful what I was seeing, and he gave the scriptures.
Then I saw a baby in a bassinet stroller that was braided with gold.
It was a white bassinet, and the baby was laying in it with one of those gowns that you use when you take them to get dedicated before the Lord.
It was a beautiful white gown that was sparkling with glitter and glowing, and I could see the presence of the Lord on that baby.
The feet of the baby were kicking around, excited, like it's cooing and excited about life.
I couldn't see the baby, but I could see the feet. Then I saw a man with no face; it looked like a face with a veil over it.
I couldn't make it out, but he had the same gown on as the baby did. He was looking over in that baby's bassinet.
You couldn't see what he was focused on because there were no eyes, nose, or mouth, but I could see his face was toward the baby.
The Lord started talking to us about coming as a child, that we're God's children.
Then I saw a fox with a black charcoal nose and eyes. It was a big fox.
The small foxes spoil the vines, but as I could see the cliff where the water was coming down, I saw this fox looking up at the water and looking at Ezekiel.
It was staring with a gaze, but it didn't do anything. But as I saw this, I saw a pair of lungs inside of that waterfall.
The lungs were detached from the body, and they were breathing.
The water was filling them up; it was Holy Spirit. You could see the lungs exhale and inhale.
It was the living water that was flowing out of those lungs. I could see the veins; I could see the trachea.
It was highlighted in a beautiful blue. As I see these visions, the Lord was showing me that scripture from Ezekiel 47.
Fruit trees of all kinds will grow on both banks of the river. Their leaves will not wither, nor will their fruit fail.
Every month they will bear fruit because the water from the sanctuary flows to them.
Their fruit will serve for food and their leaves for healing.
I thought it was cool because people found that, and it validates the vision more.
You don't want to be flaky. He's trying to get a hold of his body because there's a great shaking.
I saw these major events taking place on New Year's Eve, and we are praying for our nation next Wednesday night: New York, Las Vegas, New Orleans, Miami, Nevada, Beverly Hills—every one of these places that would try to have a terrorist attack.
We pray for protection and an uncovering of every evil work for every evildoer that would try to cause havoc in this nation.
We pray for a supernatural protection over our people that every single plot, every single plan would be uncovered by the blood of Jesus.
I believe that we have authority over serpents and scorpions and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
And I believe serpents and scorpions in this day and age are terror attacks and demonic attacks from the enemy.
I believe we have power to pray over jewelry salesmen and car salesmen and even people working at the bar and believe God for a supernatural protection over them that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
God's not showing us this stuff to try to cause drama; He's showing us this so that we can save somebody's life through the power of prayer.
It's the same thing when we saw Trump's ear and we saw all about the attack coming on his life.
And the Lord warned us in November, way before it happened. And I released that publicly in March; on July the 11th, it manifested.
Now, all these things were not to freak out about; it's to intercede and pray and change things just like Trump's life was spared.
And I believe that that's the kind of God we serve: that we have power and authority to tread on serpents and all that I just said, but also that He shows us that which is to come so that we can stop it.
A lot of the things that we see concerning the weather manifested.
The Lord told us there would be around 150 mph winds hitting and there would be weather manipulation and weather warfare in the days ahead with superstorms.
And this is what we saw in Wyoming. We prophesied this clear back in 2024 and we saw the manifestation at the end of 2025.
And I'm telling you, the Lord said this would become the norm.
We'll start seeing superstorms with long-track tornadoes that they'll have to create a new category of tornado in the days ahead as they try to control it.
They will lose control. And the Lord showed us it would be great hurricanes that will be on a new category of hurricane.
We have category fives right now, and I believe that one day they're going to have to have sixes.
You know, maybe you say, "Oh, Brandon, that's absurd."I'm telling you folks, in trying to control the weather, they will lose control.
I saw jet streams and things taking place and major events in the water, earthquakes in diverse places.
Praying over Italy for the Olympics, praying for no attacks on our Olympic games on February the 6th for the opening ceremony.
Praying over all events. Praying for Christmas Eve mass for the Catholic Church at the Vatican, praying over that. This is a very serious thing.
We have two days—not tomorrow night but the next night—praying over this time frame, praying over midnight mass for the pope.
The Lord showed us a major event taking place at Vatican Square.
Praying over that. And so I pray they have extra security for drones.
We kept seeing that they would start to use drones—not high-dollar drones from the military, but things you get from Amazon or from Walmart or whatever.
You know what I'm talking about? Just an average drone that they attach something to.
So, we pray for them to have extra security with those jammers to make them fall out of the sky.
That's just the times we're living in, that our local law enforcement all need to have jammers up and ready if there's a major gathering of people.
It's just something that would be wise to have, especially for the Rose Bowl parade.
We're praying over the Rose Bowl parade. We're praying over New York's Times Square and so on and so on. So we will continue to pray for our president's safety.
We pray for Vice President Vance, for all of the family, for Kai, for all the grandkids, for all of them.
We pray for a supernatural hedge of protection over our flights concerning holiday travel in the next two days, that there will be no plot or plan or any kind of thing slip through the cracks.
And then the Lord said it's not just about America; this is about Europe. We must pray.
And I remember how we keep praying over the escalation of war with Putin and Ukraine and then praying over Israel.
We see what's going on with Venezuela and what the Lord warned us about Venezuela.
How many times has He spoken to us way before all this stuff took place?
And I said, when Trump comes on the scene, Venezuela will be a major topic. I have the videos to prove it with all of it.
I said, "Venezuela will be a major deal because it's not about the drugs, but it's about oil and it's about the cartels,"they say, but this will end up escalating even more.
And I saw the BRICS nations reaching out to Venezuela and pulling them in. And the same with Cuba.
And my son is trying to make a collage of all the things that the Lord has given us to go with what we're seeing right now to do all the videos in a row. And so it brings credibility.
And so you're just always saying, "Well, Brandon, you're just seeing stuff all the time; it's in the news."And I said it way before it was in the news; the Holy Spirit did.
This is a very interesting article: "Russia evacuates diplomats'families from Venezuela as US seizes oil tanker."They know what's coming. I said he would be a new Gaddafi.
I saw him being a new Gaddafi and that he would be overthrown like a new Saddam, and that they would set all their oil on fire and they would start to set all their oil derricks and all their stuff so that when he's overthrown, they would try to sabotage it for the United States.
And the Lord warned us about praying over cruise ships, that they would try as they come through the Caribbean to cause a retaliation for what's about to take place—against cruise ships, Americans on cruise ships.
Most people said that would be mass casualty for them if they ever try to attack our cruise ships or whatever.
But I'm telling you, desperate people do desperate things. And that's what I saw in retaliation to all this.
Now, we're seizing the oil tankers and it's happening just like we saw.
I said it has nothing to do with drugs; it has to do with oil. The drugs are 10%; the oil part is 90%.
And it's just like the Lord's saying; it's happening. It's happening just like the Lord said.
All glory to Jesus for accuracy. And we don't want to be flaky; it's happening.
So we pray it de-escalates. We don't want it, but I saw revival breaking out in Venezuela.
I saw it breaking out in Brazil. I saw a major wave of revival in Brazil.
Revival in Chile. So, that's a good little highlight for y'all.
I don't want to be cranky; I want to walk in love, but at the same time, I have to take this very seriously when you're in my position, folks.
This is very heavy. And I don't need any nonsense distractions causing drama in my household.
I appreciate you understanding. So, let's take communion and pray and see what the Lord has for us tonight.
China loads over 100 nuclear ICBMs into silos. That's interesting.
Why are they doing that? That's bad. Father, I just thank you for the body.
Father, I lift it up before you and I thank you, Father, in the name of Jesus for wisdom.
And I thank you, Father, as I grow and I go from glory to glory to the next level, that I use wisdom on how I release things, that I use wisdom on how I pray for things and how I'm able to go about it in public.
Father, it's all a learning curve for me. It's like coming underneath a waterfall.
But Lord, I thank you that there's peace in the jewelry salesman's heart.
I pray for him again that there's peace in his staff, there's peace in the house, there's peace in his marriage and his kids.
Father, I thank you that there's no drama. And Father, I thank you for you show us that which is to come.
I pray over my eyes tonight. I thank you, Lord, that I see uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank you, Father, if there's anything you want me to pray over, we pray in advance over it, and we know that which is to come.
And I take this body in the name of Jesus. And I thank you, Lord, that you rebuke the devourer for our sake.
I thank you, Father, for this platform that you've given me.
And I thank you, Lord, that you protect us, you guide us, you strengthen us, and you give us wisdom like Solomon to lead the people.
I thank you, Father, for your hand on our homes. I thank you, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well in their bodies.
Father, that they go into this beautiful Christmas season the next two days, that they'll have the greatest sense of joy, the greatest sense of peace, and the greatest sense of love in their household with no strife.
Father, their marriages will be the best they've ever been. We call forth great marriages.
We call forth great peace in their homes in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that healing and wholeness and wellness belongs to us in the name of Jesus.
And we take this body in Jesus'name. And we thank you, Lord, for it.
Lord, we thank you for the blood. We make much of the blood. The blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us. We apply the blood of Jesus over our houses.
We make much of the blood. We thank you, Lord, for your blood that made us strong. You are the one that washed us and made us clean.
Father, I thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus for all that you've done and all that you continue to do in the name of Jesus.
And we give you praise and glory for it. Amen and amen. In your opinion, was that good?
I didn't mean to butcher it. I probably should have done that, not on live, honey.
I'm doing the best I can. All right. Oh, Father, help me. Get me in the right mood.
It's just real, you know. When you deal with flesh, it's such a distraction.
One day we'll have glorified bodies and we won't have to deal with all this.
It's so amazing that there'll be a day when we are in paradise forever with Jesus. Oh, what a day of rejoicing that will be. What a day.
What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory.
When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory.
When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be.
When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Thank you, Father.
Thank you Lord. Thank you Father for the blood. Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom; trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise, righteous meet in the sky, going where no one dies; heavenward bound.
Thank you, Lord. And Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom; trumpets will surely sound.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Father. What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow; no other fount I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Thank you, Father. Oh, what a precious blood you flow. I thought about telling you all about what happened to me whenever I was always upset.
I know there's a lot of you that have heard this, but there's some that have not.
So, I will tell you about the time when Jesus visited me. This was a visitation; it was real.
It wasn't a dream. This wasn't a vision. He actually came to my house.
And there's some of you who say, 'I don't believe it at all.'But that's fine. I'll tell you what happened.
I was in bed and all of a sudden I felt a hand touch me and he woke me up out of my sleep. Before my bed I was laying there on this side right here.
I was laying like this and he touched this side of my shoulder and he touched me and I woke up and I looked up and Jesus was standing there and he said, 'I've come to give you your request.
I want to show you something.'And all of a sudden the floor began to glow.
It opened up in a portal before me and I was taken back at this so much as you are in the natural like flesh and I'm seeing all this and my floor is breathing.
It started to open up in this portal and it was turning and it was breathing and it was accelerating.
It was exhaling, inhaling, and it was moving all around my floor.
And he said, 'Put your feet over here.'And he goes, 'Jump.'So I took my feet and I said, 'You want me to jump?'He said, 'Trust me, Brandon.'I said, 'Of course, Lord.'I took my feet and I fell inside of that portal.
It was moving and breathing and I was instantaneously taken to my past.
And I went to the hospital where my little girl got her shots.
And he said, 'Brandon, you've asked me and asked me to have the opportunity in your heart to have a second chance to tell yourself not to give Megan the flu shot.
I'm going to give you that request.'And all of a sudden he said, 'Go now.
You're about to do it.'I ran and I could see the hospital room.
I knew it was on the fourth floor. I ran all the way up the stairs.
I busted through the doctor's office and I saw the nurse about ready to give Megan the vaccination.
And at me as a young man and my wife was sitting there and we were watching our daughter about to get this flu shot, I said, 'Stop.
Don't do it.'And all of a sudden, that nurse took that thing back and did not administer that and a scream came before my face.
And every single year was planned out in front of me from where I was to the present.
And now this has been years ago. And this is just out of my memory of everything that happened. So if I miss anything, forgive me.
But I remember I saw it play out and Jesus stood right there and he said, 'Now I want to show you the power of a decision.
Watch what happens now with your life because of that vaccination or what would change.'Megan was already developed.
She was already starting to talk. She was totally normal. Her Apgar scores were completely normal.
But as that did not happen, I was a bad person. I was very angry.
I was very verbally abusive to my wife all the time. I talked down to her.
I didn't treat her right. I was very hard-hearted. I was very angry at the finances.
Where we were financially, I was very bitter towards a lot of things.
But the moment Megan didn't get that and change didn't happen, I saw my life without the pressure of autism is what I'm trying to tell y'all.
Megan developed normally. Everything was normal. But I didn't change. I became even more hard. And Diana and I drifted apart.
I saw the year that Diana left me and she moved back home to Texas to be with her mama and she filed for a divorce.
I saw it all play right in front of my face in a movie screen of all the power of a choice because what didn't change me was my daughter's special needs.
I saw it all pan out in front of me. I saw when Diana left; she got remarried to a man that was pretty wealthy.
I saw Megan on the weekends every other week. I became even more angry.
Her life was better. Mine wasn't. I didn't get remarried. I was very angry—heavier than what I am now.
He said, "I want to show you now: your son won't be born and there's a call on his life, and here in the future you'll have a little girl.
You'll have a little girl, and she won't be born either, and she has a major call in her life too."He said, "Brandon..."He started preaching to me and he started talking to me about everything—to sum it up and not make this really long for y'all tonight because I'm already going over.
But he said, "Brandon, I didn't cause Megan to have autism. I did not do this to you to teach you anything."He said to me, "The devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
But what the devil meant for bad, I'll turn it around for good in your favor.
You're not big enough to mess up your life. You're not big enough to mess up your life, Brandon.
No matter how many bad choices you've made, he said, 'As long as the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
And as long as you're right with me and you're seeking me, I'll turn it around.
I'll turn what the devil meant for bad, Brandon, and I'll turn it around for good in your favor as long as you're looking towards me.'"Because in my mind, I always told him, "I can't do ministry.
I can't lay hands on the sick. I can't do all that because of Megan, Lord.
What do you call me to healing ministry? Well, you called me to do all these things.
I'm broken because of this."But he said, "Brandon, Megan does not validate my word.
My word validates itself. It's a pillar. Megan's healing doesn't validate that I'm a healer.
My word validates that."As he said all these things to me, I saw the pressure from having a child with special needs.
As I was ready to drive off a bridge, as I was ready to do away with myself so many different times, as I was driving home and crying behind the toilets, cleaning the church bathrooms, and doing all the things that I went through being a janitor for 15 years—it molded me.
It took a really hard heart and made it soft as I had to buckle up and honor my wife and go through this very hard time raising a child with special needs.
The pressure on the potter's wheel makes you different if you yield to it. It's the pressure.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power will be known to him and not of us.
But the pressure from Megan and all the things that I went through made me into who I am today.
As he kept telling me that I couldn't mess my life up no matter how bad I've done things in the past, he said, "I told you if the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord."He encouraged me.
He preached to me. He preached a really fiery message that I wish I could remember all of it.
I've never heard Jesus as a preacher. And boy, he could preach fire. I'll never forget it.
I sat there and watched him as he preached to me, and he told me that I had a call on my life and he wanted me to do something for him.
I thought at that moment that I had totally derailed my life because of what the doctor had told us: that Megan would never be normal and that she would never be potty trained.
She would never have a normal life, and we'd be lucky if she ever gets out of an 18-month-old's stage.
But that's why I've tried to tell you all over and over again. Right now, we weren't able to do anything.
If anybody realized how bad Megan was—she would urinate on everything. She would play with her feces every day.
She would bite herself until blood would run down her hands, pull her hair out.
She had huge bald spots all over her head where she'd pull all her hair out, take everything out of one drawer in one room and put it in there.
I never knew where my toothbrush was. I never knew where my deodorant was. I never knew where my soap from my bathroom was.
She'd take all the ornaments off the tree every single year and put them in the kitchen sink.
We never could have a Christmas tree. We never could do anything. We did that for years. And then one day Jesus visited us.
And in that time whenever he visited, I was at the sink and I was complaining, and I said to him, "You don't hear anything I'm saying?
I prayed and prayed and prayed for her to get better."And I said, "She's not.
Do you hear, and have you heard, any of my prayers?"I was washing the dishes.
And at that time, the glory of the Lord filled my whole house.
And I saw him visibly again. I was on the floor and Diana couldn't see him.
I was on the floor and he melted me like wax. I thought I was going to die.
The presence of the Lord was so strong in my house; I thought I was going to die.
I looked up at him and I said, "Jesus, don't you know what I've asked for?"Because he asked me, the first thing he asked me was, "What do you have need of?"I said, "Don't you know what I have need of?
Megan!"He said, "According to your faith, be it done unto you, Brandon.
According to your faith, be it done unto you."Diana came around the corner at this time and she saw me on the floor and she felt the presence of the Lord so strong in the house and she thought I was dying.
She started screaming. She says, "Jesus, don't take him. Don't take him.
I need my husband. I can't do this on my own."She goes, "Is he dying? Are you dying?"And she started yelling.
I said, "Jesus is here, honey."She says, "I know, I can feel it, but I can't see him."And I started crying out and he ministered to me and he put his hand on my head and he blessed me.
He said, "She'll start to amend from this hour."And I knew it's going to be gradual like I've always told y'all; a miracle is a miracle even if it's not overnight.
A miracle is a miracle even if it's progressive. I saw everything from that day forward—that I knew it was going to be a journey.
But Jesus told me, "According to your faith, be it done unto you."When I woke up the next day, I went over and told my grandfather because we lived across the street at the time.
I said, "Grandpa, we had a visitation from Jesus."Megan didn't act any different.
I thought, "Surely if Jesus shows up in your house, Megan's going to be completely healed and it's going to be a sign and a wonder."Time goes by.
This is a Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday—she goes to her little ABA therapy lady and she calls and she said, "Brandon, what happened to Megan?"I said, "Kimberly, what are you talking about?
What happened to Megan?"She said, "Something's happened to Megan."I said, "What?
What? Does she have a bruise? What is it?"Because you're thinking, "What are you accusing me of?"But it wasn't.
She said, "She's saying little sentences. She's parroting something for the first time.
Something's happened."She was saying red; she says blue. She says all these different colors that she was parroting from that day forward.
And Megan still does those things. She even told me today, "Hi, daddy, mommy."She was talking to both of us.
But from that time forward, it's been a step all the time and we keep seeing a little bit more.
But then, even my family, nobody could even touch her hardly.
She acted like she was a wild animal. It was absolutely hell on earth.
But from that time forward when Jesus visited, she's gotten better and better.
And it hasn't been instantaneous, like everything's better.
Like the one with the issue of blood, I'm believing that moment's coming.
But what I'm trying to tell you is that sometimes it's progressive.
Now, between that and all that I've told you of two visitations tonight and just that short little bit of time, I cut them up in pieces to make that really quick for you.
What I'm trying to tell you is I want you to believe God for it.
No matter how bad you think you've disrupted your life and you think that you can't be used by God, and no matter how hard you think you've had it, the footsteps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord, and you're not big enough to derail your life.
You can say, 'Well, Brandon, I was a prostitute. I was on drugs. I was in jail.
I went and I did, I robbed banks.'Or maybe you're a wife beater.
Maybe you were all these different things and your wife left you or whatever.
But what I'm trying to tell you is that no matter how bad you think you are, no matter how bad you've disrupted your life, if you're seeking God, no matter how bad you've messed up, God will turn it on a dime.
Never give up on what your dreams are. Never give up on what you're believing for. Always stay close to the vine.
Regardless of how hard you think your life is, it's the pressure that changes you.
You may have been a janitor. You may have been a store clerk. You may be somebody that was a gas attendant.
It doesn't matter. Whatever you do, in word and in deed, do all to the glory of God.
God will promote you in due time. It takes time sometimes because we have a lot of flesh in the way.
In my circumstances, being a janitor for 15 years and having a child still right now that's overcoming...
As we were driving home tonight, she was quiet. I said, 'Megan's okay. You want an ice cream?'So I went by and got her an ice cream.
I thought about that a lot as we go through this Christmas season because I dread holidays a lot going around family.
You think, 'Well, how is she going to act? How things are going?'But I can tell you Jesus has brought us so far even at Christmas time.
So I don't know what you're going through tonight, but I try to just give you a little bit of encouragement to keep on keeping on.
Don't be weary in well-doing. Don't be weary in well-doing in your job.
And know that if you're on the potter's wheel, he always finishes a perfect product.
There's no mistakes. There's no mistakes with the Father. You might be a rich billionaire.
You might be watching this and you're worth hundreds of millions of dollars, but you're still a work in progress.
No matter how much money you have, Jesus Christ loves you and he paid the price for you. He has a plan for your life.
No matter how much depression you could be overcoming and everybody thinks you have it all together driving a Ferrari or whatever.
I've noticed that there's a lot of people who have money that have it all that are the most depressed, saddest people with broken marriages more than anybody else.
But I'm trying to tell you it's not about money. It's not about not having money.
It's about seeking Jesus and having a relationship with him, and he'll turn your life around even whenever you feel like you're in the deepest, darkest hole if you just yield yourself over and say, 'Jesus, I need you.
I can't do this on my own.'I'm so thankful that I yielded to the process of the potter's wheel.
I'm not a finished work. I'm still on that potter's wheel every single day. I'm a work in progress. That's what we say all the time.
But I can tell you this: my marriage is good, my kids are healthy, and they all love the Lord.
I don't have everything perfect by no means. It's like you saw just at the beginning of this video, I was very angry.
But it's the keep on keeping on that keeps you humble, keeps you ready, and keeps you willing and obedient to eat the good of the land. None of us have it all together. None of us do.
No matter how much we try to pretend, it's like the highlight reel on Facebook or Instagram or whatever, and you see the fakeness of people and you look at it and go, 'I know what's going on behind closed doors.'You're like, 'We're pretending,'you know, 'selfie, Snapchat, hashtag everything's great.'And you look at them and go, 'Everything's great with you?
You're faking it.'I see a lot of fakers. I think that's why I came over that inside of my heart. When you get real with God, God will become real to you.
Because there's so many people that are faking it because they live the highlight reel of Facebook or X or whatever your platform is of your choice, Snapchat or whatever.
I just want you to be real with God today. If you're here tonight and you're having a hard time during this holiday season and you're thinking, 'Man, I've derailed my life.
I got a DUI. I got a DUI. And I'm driving home from this and I got pulled over and they took, they suspended my license.
I've derailed my life.'The boss fired me. I couldn't make it to work.
I don't know what I'm doing, but right now I'm at rock bottom and you just need prayer.
Or you could be at the top of the mountain and you're looking down going, 'Man, I've got everything by the you-know-what, and I've got everything going and I've got more money in my bank account and I've got Rolexes.
I've got all this stuff and I don't need anything from Jesus because I have it all.'What you don't have is joy in your soul. True joy. Riches without sorrow.
No matter how much you think you can hoard it up on yourself and have it, riches without sorrow is joy unspeakable and full of glory.
But it's appointed unto man once to die and after that judgment. That's the other part.
You may think you have it all right now, but right now if you die, you're going to spend eternity in hell.
'Well, I don't believe that, Brandon. I don't believe there's a hell.'Well, what if you're wrong? What if you're wrong?
What if there is a hell and you took your whole life thinking that you had it all and you didn't need heaven?
I don't believe there's a heaven or hell. I'm an agnostic. I'm an atheist.
But I'm telling you, what if there is a hell? What if there is a heaven?
Are you willing to take a gamble on an assumption? That's really foolish. I want to pray for you.
There's 5,360 people here right now watching this and I want to pray for you.
And you may be one of the people that I'm talking to and you've derailed your life.
You think you've messed up everything, but you just wanted some encouragement tonight from somebody who has messed up a lot.
And I'm telling you, I'm a work in progress, but I see fruit in my life that God has been with me.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need. But he'll do the same for you because he's no respecter of persons.
Brandon's not special. My wife's not special. She's special to me. She's special to Jesus.
But I want to tell you that the same Jesus that set us free will set you free. And I want to pray for you right now.
And if you're here tonight and you're backslidden and you're on your way to hell, if you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal savior and you're here tonight and you're frustrated with the holiday season, you're frustrated with your family, you don't really want to go around them, you've got all these issues going on in your life, but you just need a friend.
If you just need some peace in your heart to sleep at night, I want to pray for you. I believe it's not coincidence that you're here tonight.
You might be a person that never wants to watch this kind of stuff, but you just so happen to click this video and you're like, 'What is going on with this channel?
Why is there so many people watching this guy in the middle of the night?'But I just want to pray for you right now and I want you to get real with God tonight.
If you're here tonight and you want to ask Jesus Christ to be your Lord personal savior, I want you to put in the comment section right now below, 'I need to be saved.
I want to be saved. I want to be a Christian. I want to make a change in my life right now.
I don't want to keep going down this life; I don't want to keep doing this without him.'If you're here tonight and that's you, and I'm talking to you and you feel that itching on the inside of you—your stomach might have butterflies, you might be having cold sweats right now, and you're going, 'Man, I feel like he's talking to me.'I am talking to you.
But tonight's your night; you may not have another opportunity.
There's so many times I see a vision; I see these things the Lord shows me.
Like the 14 that passed away a couple days ago; we saw it on Thursday and it happened on Saturday exactly the way the Lord said.
It was so accurate, even to the number that got shot in LA, and the Lord told us it was coming.
But I wished I could have gone there and told those people at that birthday party, 'Please, you must know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.'I hope they knew him.
I hope they were given the opportunity, like you're being given the opportunity right now, to accept Jesus Christ.
No one knows the day they will die. The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off that evening. No one knows; no one is promised tomorrow.
But if you're here tonight and you just want to make a clean start for 2026—we're almost there—why keep living in the hell you're living in?
Change now. Make a change. To do the same thing over and over again and expect different results is what?
Insanity. So I'm giving you an opportunity tonight. Make a change. I'm going to say a simple prayer.
It's simple; a five-year-old can say it, mean it, and believe it, and have change.
It doesn't have to be all religious. I hate religion. I'm going to tell you that I'm the most unreligious person that you'll ever meet.
Ask my family; Brandon is not religious. I'm about relationship.
So, I'm going to say a prayer for you and I want you to say it back with me, and I want you to mean it with your whole heart because the Bible says with the heart confession is made unto salvation.
So, if you're here tonight, say this prayer right now. Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died and you rose again on the third day. I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me; make me clean. I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on my sin. And from this day forward, Lord, I'm born again.
I'll serve you with all my heart. Make it a clean start for me.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. I dedicate my heart to you. I dedicate my life to you.
Thank you, Lord, that you're making everything new and you're giving me another chance.
Jesus, I'll serve you from this day forward and I'll do the best I can as I dedicate my life to you in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.'I believe if you just said that prayer, you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ. I believe that, behold, all things are made new today.
You may have been a real knucklehead or whatever, but I believe that from this day forward, he's made everything new.
As far as the east is from the west, he's taken your sins from you and cast them into the sea of forgetfulness.
He'll never remember them anymore; he said it's washed, it's gone.
And now, if the devil tries to remind you of your past, remind him of his future because he'll come and try to mess with you.
But the Bible says, 'Submit yourself therefore unto God. Resist the devil and he will flee.'That's what it said and I believe it.
He tries to mess with me and I say, 'Get out of here in Jesus'name!
You're not tormenting me!'I've had two visitations from the devil face to face. One of them was really wild.
But I want to tell you, every single time he's defeated by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of my testimony.
Jesus Christ paid the price for me to have authority over the devil, and you have authority over the devil too.
So what do you do now? You go to a Bible-believing church. You come here and pray with us; come and be a part of our little church community.
I appreciate all y'all coming and praying with us every night and praying for our nation.
So start getting plugged into a Bible-believing church. I would go to a non-denominational church.
Go there, tell the pastor, 'I need to be water-baptized.'Get water-baptized.
Read your Bible. Pray every day. And that's part of the Christian life—you walk it out. Tell people about the decision you made today.
Tell them, 'I got born again watching some bald-headed guy on YouTube.'And I'm telling you, the best is yet to come for you.
I believe from this time forward, even by this time next year, if you keep on this and get that word down inside of you, it'll change you from the inside out.
I just want to encourage you: don't give up. Jesus never gave up on you.
He's always there; he's an ever-present help in a time of need. And he loves you.
For all 49 of you who gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, welcome to the family!
Now, if you can't afford a Bible, my wife and I would love to give you one for free.
All you have to do is go down in the description below and email my wife and me.
We will send you a Bible for free if you got born again on this channel.
If you said the sinner's prayer on this channel, we want to celebrate your decision tonight.
You just put in the description, 'I gave my heart to Jesus Christ.'We just want to pray with you; we won't solicit you or bother you.
We just want to bless you and say, 'Welcome.'Other than that, like, subscribe, and do all you can to help us with our YouTube channel.
That's what we're believing God for: a million men and women to grow this thing and to pray for things to change throughout the whole world because we believe Jesus Christ is coming.
For everyone else here who is a believer like me, who wants to go tubing now? Did that bless you? I know I shared it as fast as I could.
I took two visitations that I've had from the Lord in just less than an hour—still pretty good, huh?
Thank you, Jesus. Did I go way over? Oh man, over an hour. Oh well.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for the blood. We took communion and we prayed.
We led the people to Jesus. All 49 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
We're so thankful, Father, for the one sinner being saved. The devil lost a good sinner tonight; Jesus got one, and all heaven is rejoicing.
We're so excited, Father, that we're bringing in the harvest one soul at a time.
Father, as we lift up again the man at the jewelry store, we thank you that he has peace and is able to sleep well.
We pray over the police department and local law enforcement there in Beverly Hills.
I thank you, Father, that you protect them and give them wisdom regarding all evildoers in Jesus'name.
We cover them in the blood. We thank you, Lord, that they would know you as Lord and personal Savior.
Father, I pray that they would not go to hell, but they would have a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
We lift them up before you. Thank you, Lord. All right. Who wants to go tubing now?
Now I feel better. I had to shake all that off. I'd be like, 'Shake it off.
Shake it off.'Okay, who wants to go? I know it's an hour. Who wants to pray for a little bit?
Who wants to pray? They're probably like, 'Brandon, you were cranky.'Yes, I was.
Father, I worship you. Is there anything you want to show us tonight, Father?
Is there anything you want to show us tonight, Lord? Okay, it's Mel.
We're going to pray for him for the movie that he's creating.
It's not some drama. I'll mention his name. Mel Gibson is before me.
I see him very clearly, and he's making decisions concerning the movie.
And we're going to pray for Mel Gibson right now because the Lord's showing me his face, praying for the decisions he's making concerning the new Passion of the Christ movie.
Remember what the Lord told us, that this would be a life-changing movie for a lot of people.
There will be revival breakout in the movie theaters. So pray for this movie to stay authentic, close to the Word, not fake.
Hollywood smoke and mirrors is going to be amazing. Pray for the budget.
I saw $50 million for funding for the movie. I pray against all that demonic pressure that's been around him.
I see these that look like suckerfish that have four sucker pads trying to suck around his mind. They're trying to suck around him.
It looks almost like a crawdad with suckers, like those things that grab onto the glass, but they're trying to grab around him.
There's two on this side, one right here, and one over here. They're both trying to wrap on his mind with these tentacles to try to sucker on him, and they are shaped like a crawdad.
I pray that this spirit of confusion be broken off of him in the name of Jesus.
All clarity of thought, all clarity of mind in the name of Jesus, that he has the mind of Christ.
Second Timothy 1:7 says that God has not given him a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind.
We pray soundness over him in the name of Jesus, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We take authority over the demonic spirits that would try to hinder him from doing this movie. We call the actors to be on par.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the anointing of the Holy Ghost would flow over this film in Jesus'name.
It's at the 75% mark. Remember, you'll hear this at the 75% mark where they are attacking him the most. When he gets to that point—the finish, the finale.
At 75% of the film, whenever you have writer's block—I see writer's block concerning his mind, and it's a fog trying to suck on his mind for the finishing of it.
'How do I finish this?'at the 75% mark. It's highlighted very strongly.
I can see 75%, and then I see a fog trying to come on of how to finish, how to close it.
Let it be clear. Let it be clear. His thinking be clear. Thinking be clear in Jesus'name.
No brain fog. No brain fog concerning writer's block to finish this and finish it strong. Let the finish be greater than the beginning.
You know, whenever you come up to a wall—I see this wall, and this wall has critters on the other side of it.
These are devils. I see they're trying to surround it. They don't want it because it's about the finish of the movie.
You'll remember this when you watch this. It's about the finish of the movie.
It's 75% into it. There's something major that is here. Thank you, Lord.
All distractions be broken. It looks like a rat with a long tail. Clear thoughts.
We pray clear thoughts over him and the producers, the people that are helping him.
Clear thoughts with the CGI people. Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom.
Become more real to him than you ever have before, Lord. The push of it is the Holy Spirit on him.
Spirit-led filmmaking to finish strong. We call 'finish strong'in Jesus'name over the movie.
Thank you, Lord. Over all our nation, over the travel of the Christmas season.
I pray, Father, for every car, every airplane, every get-together, every mass gathering.
We call for every Christmas candlelight service to be protected in the name of Jesus, from Australia to Canada to Europe to America to Africa to Asia.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for every gathering. We call every one of them protected with angelic host, angelic aid, and assistance.
Father, that no weapon formed against them would prosper. Father, that we would be able to have our communion services, our candlelight services at the Vatican uninterrupted.
There will be no demonic spirit that would come in and cause any havoc to kill, steal and destroy anybody.
We call a hedge of protection even around the Vatican, over the Catholic Leo, and over the priest.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every terror plot, every drone, pipe bombs, all of it be exposed in Jesus'name.
Even slicers—we see this slicer. I see a slicer right there.
This is in France. That's a man with a knife. This looks like an old Volkswagen van.
There's more than one in the van. There's three men in one van.
Now I see something that looks like Grimace from the McDonald's back in the '80s.
Grimace, but it's Grimace with muscles, and it has blue shorts on with a red band around its middle.
He has an outline of yellow on the embroidery of the shorts. It's gold, blue, and red shorts.
Grimace's body—that purple with muscles. A tan back, black hair with black eyebrows.
My legs are falling asleep now. And this is around Seattle. This is highlighted very strongly in Seattle.
Now, I do not know what that is, but there is a demonic spirit concerning Seattle.
It has fighter trunks on. These are boxer trunks. He has his shirt off.
There are muscles. That's what I'm telling you; he's ripped.
And he has fighter trunks on. A stronghold because he's strong.
A stronghold. He's fighting. He's fighting with the stronghold.
I'm praying over each state, going in my heart and praying over every one of the coverings of all of the New Year's Eve gatherings.
Praying over them. Praying over the states. Praying over the countries and the gatherings of the people.
I see the Taliban. Did you hear that? I see something really neat now.
It's concerning the dinar again. Breakthrough. Get ready for breakthrough.
I see the books. It's like a tally; it's a register. It's like when you write down the money, you know, when you keep logs.
I see the logbooks, the logs, the books. It's the budgets. It's Jesus.
I see breakthrough. The 25. Do you hear me? I see the number 25 again.
I know what he's talking about. Many will rejoice, and there will be many that are disappointed.
It's like a 50/50. Greed. Long money no more. Breakthrough in a lot of your finances.
You've got to pull it through. Unlike things you've never seen before.
I have greater things in store for those that have felt the delay. You feel the delay for delivery. But there's a money tree.
I see a money tree and at the fruit of the bud of the money tree is hundred-dollar bills.
This money tree's fruit is all on there and there's hundred-dollar bills all on this, and it's ripe for the taking.
He said there's a delay, but it's my reward. It's my exceeding abundant reward for the ones that didn't give up and grow weary in well-doing.
It's my exceeding great reward. For I am your exceeding great reward, but I have a reward for those that diligently seek me.
For I reward those that diligently seek me. I am your abundant supply.
For many were shaken out. For many were faked out. For many were taught a scam by the forums.
Many were taught a scam. But you hold fast to that which I said. And breakthrough.
Remember how many times you just said that for the greater flow.
I told you, startup money. This is a foundation. This is it to grow.
A digital frontier is coming to Iraq. Everything will go digital.
Who is this? Belial? Who is Bell? I hear bleed. I don't even know how this is. It's an old name. Who is it?
In the Old Testament book of Numbers, the Israelites'enemies hired the prophet Balaam to curse them.
God prevented this, leading to a blessing instead, a territory detailed in Peor.
The term also appears in Filipino fantasy. So it's not a demon?
Yeah, it is. It is a demon because it looked like a demon in my vision.
It looks like a very evil, scary-looking demon. Now I don't know why I'm seeing a demon.
That's why I'm asking you, 'What is this?'Is it a man? Because then I heard Macron, and then I said Cairo.
Was so Cairo Baal? I see towers rising up. They look almost like chess pieces.
You know the king's tower on the chess pieces? But these are all made out of bricks.
And there are people hanging out of those towers. A storm's coming.
Hold fast, church. Hold fast. A storm is coming. The cold. We're not done yet.
There's more here. It's great breakthrough, Braden. Great breakthrough.
You held fast. I'm bringing it to pass at last. You held fast in seemingly impossible circumstances.
There's great breakthrough coming for those that have held fast.
There's a storm coming. You held fast. And it will grow and grow.
Australia will grow and grow. I see it so strong. A shaking to awaken. A lot going on, huh?
We thank you, Lord, for your protection over this nation, for this beautiful Christmas season, Lord, for your birthday.
Tomorrow is the 23rd, then the 24th, then the 25th. Happy birthday, Jesus.
Thank you. Oh, what a Christmas. I remember him saying it. Oh, what a Christmas for breakthrough.
When you get your blessing, know that it is strategic in the timing that you receive it.
For if you would have received it back years ago, you would have squandered it all.
But the blessing is for the harvest. The blessing is to prepare you for the storm.
Remember that. Don't be foolish with the blessing. I don't know who that's to, but you better listen to that.
The blessing is to prepare you for the storm, for the harvest.
There's a storm coming, but if you would have received it a while ago, you would have squandered it all.
Hallelujah. You feel this presence is peaceful. But I see a river that is going to carry you to the next place you're supposed to be.
It's a river of finances that will carry you to the next places you're supposed to be.
And this is a vast supply for many of you. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father.
We praise the Lord tonight. Glory to God. Well, I pray you got something out of that. It's not really how I wanted that to go tonight.
I felt in my spirit—I hope I didn't hinder anything by my flesh—but I could feel a pull and I just couldn't get on the other side of it as much.
I'm telling you, there's more there. I can see it. Maybe that's for me, but I can see it.
And it's concerning what we were just talking about. I see the river of it.
I see a vast supply. And there's great breakthrough coming for people that held fast to it.
I'm thankful for the secret things, for the hidden treasures.
It's a double-sided coin. It's darkness on one side and bright on the other.
What do you choose to focus on concerning 2026? Ladies and gentlemen, we pray that you focus on the right side.
But if you're just joining, do not call and harass that man anymore. Thank you. I really appreciate all you coming out tonight.
If you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and comment down below, all the things that would help us to get in the algorithm.
And by the way, please go subscribe to the X account. If something was to happen and our channel was to be here or not, you can find us on X. The link is in the description.
It would probably be really wise as of right now to go sign up on X and find us over there just in case something was to happen so you would know where we were.
I hate Facebook and I hate Instagram. So, I pray that you use wisdom and if something was to happen over here, you know where I'll be over on X.
I'll do live over on X. I pray nothing does, but just in case, I'm building two platforms in 2026.
It makes even more sense after today, Braden. I understand why the Lord has spoken to me so strongly about it.
You must create two platforms quickly. And I said, okay. And then after what we had today, I get it.
We don't feed into the drama, but it is what it is. It's smart.
It's wisdom because Jesus wants the prayer to get out for the people. We can use both platforms to go live on if need be.
So Jesus is so wonderful and he gives us the wisdom before it happens if need be.
I pray it doesn't, but I have a caution, so I just keep pushing.
I appreciate y'all's prayers for my platforms that God has given me.
The enemy does not like us praying together, and he'll do whatever it takes to stop prayer because that's the only thing.
Prayer and the word whips his rear, and he knows it. There ain't nobody else doing it like that.
So, I just keep being obedient to what he's asked me to do with all I've got.
I'm so grateful for every single one of you, all 5,600 of you right now, unless people are leaving, praying with us all night.
I've got a big day tomorrow. I appreciate your prayers for me and my family today.
It sure is a blessing. I appreciate all the people with the Christmas cards.
You give those Christmas cards telling us thank you with your photos and things and telling us Merry Christmas. It's been nice. I appreciate that.
There's a lot of beautiful people that have watched and followed this channel with Christmas cards and family photos.
Hasn't that been neat? Yeah, I enjoy it. We had a stack of Christmas cards today.
Diana said, "Look at all these people saying Merry Christmas."I said, "Yeah, it's a blessing.
Every one of you, thank you for always just loving on my kids and loving on us."The nice little letters and the books and things, you people are so kind.
I just want to say thank you. God bless you all. I'm sorry if I come across cranky, but I got in trouble today.
Like I said, I learned a lesson today. So, God bless you all. Remember, put a smile on your face.
Do they have any questions? I'll answer two questions. I thought it was cool.
He said, "No, it's strategic in the time you receive it."How that was cool when he said that.
It's strategic in time. He was talking about the money. And it's 25.
It will be worth 25% of what you thought it would and people will be disappointed.
I saw it and then I saw an onslaught of the blessing, and then he said if I would have given it to him too early it would have happened.
Everything is by design and strategic. So I'm giving it to you now to prepare you for the storm which is to come.
I'm preparing you for the storm, for the harvest of the souls, so you'll have abundant life.
If you're listening, he said that's whenever I saw some people have been weary and don't have stuff anymore.
They thought, "Oh, this isn't going to happen, certain crypto, certain things."Well, you thought this is never going to happen, I'm out of here, but he said, "Because you held fast to what I've said."I don't know what that is to you.
It's not financial advice. I don't know if it's final advice for me.
I was trying to figure it out myself what he's talking about because I was like, "What are you saying?
Have you been obedient to what I've asked you to do?"He said he would take care of his people for the storm.
There's a storm coming. He kept saying that. Prepare for the storm.
Prepare for the harvest. What does it mean to prepare for the storm? I don't know. It means something totally different to me.
I keep believing God for land to have a ministry on and things like that for 2026.
That's what we're looking for. I told Diana, "How do we have a ministry headquarters?
What do we do with all this stuff?"Well, if the Lord is going to grow our ministry and do these certain things, what does that look like in 2026 for my family?
There's three of us and we're doing this as fast and as hard as we can.
There comes a point in time where we get tired and you go, "Lord, are you wanting us to hire an employee this year to help us?
Some kind of secretary that would help us with the emails?"I don't know. As the Lord provides, it's interesting.
This whole thing has really happened so quickly for us and we keep pushing and doing what God's called us to do.
I know he said there's much more, but it's been nice because there's not a lot of people you can trust with things and it takes a special person that has to definitely sign an NDA because there's a lot of you that send emails that are very private about your business that I wouldn't want anybody reading unless they were mature enough to handle it.
You get some stuff in there about your marriage and things, and I'm going to tell you this: Do not send graphic sexual things in emails to my wife anymore. You know who you are and it's very detestable.
Listen, I understand you're overcoming and you need deliverance, but we do not want to hear your pornographic stuff in your emails and things that you're having in dreams and nasty things.
We're not a garbage can. I know you're overcoming and I don't want to get off on another tangent tonight, but I'm asking you, please don't send my wife those filthy things.
It's not her job to read your porn. If that's what you're overcoming, find a male to talk to, but don't send that stuff to my wife.
Okay? I know you're hurting and I'm not trying to be insensitive, but it's very filthy some of the things you're sending. It's X-rated. I think you're doing it on purpose.
I'm trying to show you grace, but there's part of me that wants to go, if you keep doing that, I want to embarrass you because she's my baby and I protect her.
So all glory to Jesus. We keep smiling. Was that a person? That was like Pharaoh.
According to a summary I read, it was like Pharaoh. Baal was related to Macron.
Why would I hear a demonic figure and then Macron? Why would a Baal be loaded?
Because he kept saying he'd be like an Adolf Hitler in the days ahead.
Remember how many times the Lord told us that Macron will become a Hitler?
Yes. That same spirit will start to come on him. The thing came up out of the ground.
No, this swastika. I saw that swastika. They were conjuring things by CERN. What was that?
That's what I'm trying to tell you about, and a lot of people want to ask me about the three days of darkness.
I have not seen anything about three days of darkness. I want to say that and make that very clear.
I don't feel like there's anything to this. I don't know, the Lord has not given me a word about three days of darkness.
I feel whenever I see into that and I've prayed into it, it's demonic. There's this deceit about it. There's some deceit here.
Now, you do what you want with it, but I'm telling you as I keep praying about three days of darkness—people keep saying, 'Brandon, have you not heard anything about three days of darkness?'I have not.
And when I pray about it, I feel something demonic around it.
It feels demonic, like deceit; it doesn't feel real. I feel like you're being hoaxed, like it's a prank. It's not real. There's something not right about it.
So, if anybody wants to say, 'Brandon, I don't believe that's in the prophecy guidelines,'watch what you're listening to.
Let's be careful what you're listening to; there are a lot of false prophecies out there, and I truly believe this is one.
Same with AI, the AI Atlas—there's nothing to this. Stop wasting your time.
I keep seeing it, but the Lord is behind it—there's something else coming.
This is not the mother ship that I saw coming. I saw the Atlas; it was glowing. I saw a demonic thing coming, but it was not 3i Atlas.
The Lord corrected me; He said, 'Brandon, that's off.'Anytime I miss it and I'm trying to tell you what I'm seeing in the spirit, I'm very quick to try to fix it.
I see in part, but as I see it and it comes to me, I get another piece. It's just like you have a thousand-piece puzzle.
You throw the puzzle out there and you don't know where any of it goes at first, but you find the corner pieces and build the frame, and then you start filling it in one at a time.
That's the way it is in the spirit. You don't get the whole thing, but as the Lord brings something to me, I put the puzzle piece in there.
I say, 'Listen, this is what the Lord's showing me. Let's put that there.'And oh, it fits right there.
Then you bring the next one and go, 'Well, that's not the way I thought that was going to look at all.'So you just keep praying into it.
No one has the whole thing. No one. But we all get little pieces, and through your spirit walk with the Lord, the Holy Spirit gives it.
The whole thing is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. But if anybody ever tells you they know everything and have everything, run, because even Brandon Biggs only gets a bite at a time.
You take one little bite at a time and you keep praying, and He keeps showing you more, revealing Himself more, and telling you how awesome He is.
He's such a good God, and He knows you can't handle it all at once.
You're not made that way. And if you had it all, then why do we need Him?
We need Him, and we stay on the potter's wheel. And we keep ourselves humble before Him.
This is not about ego. I just want to keep being obedient and praying things out.
Praying over Mel Gibson: I saw tonight that he'll come into writer's block, a major struggle with this movie.
The Lord said to pray for him because it's the last hurrah of the movie that will bring in the souls.
It's the last 25 percent. I saw three men coming out of Paris or Italy.
They looked like they were driving an old white Volkswagen van. They were slashers. They all jumped out.
One used his van to mow down the crowds, and they jumped out and started getting people there.
They didn't have guns; they had big long knives. And the Lord said, 'Pray for this.'It's been thought out; they're casing.
Very, very serious stuff. The one guy even looked like he had a blue shirt with a bulletproof vest on as he jumped out.
That was a very clear vision, too. So, we keep praying over things.
I pray with all my heart that people pray with us and we change things. It's a lot of responsibility.
When you're leading this many people, it's a lot of responsibility, especially with the day we had.
I remember when you saw the money tree. It had $100 bills on it, and a money tree keeps producing.
And then you saw the—yeah, Grimace—and I don't know what that was, but it was a stronghold over Seattle.
He wasn't as ripped as the character, but he had those shorts on, Brandon.
He looked like a principality. It was a devil; he wasn't smiling.
He was scowling. But he had the same identical one, even with the shorts.
I see these things. I'm sure God will add to it. His arms were like that more, but he was a darker purple.
He had black hair and black eyebrows, and it's over Seattle.
And then I saw crawfish on Mel Gibson's head with sucker fins trying to cause confusion. So that is marine devils and writer's block.
It was blocking his thinking, and he was coming up with a lot of confusion concerning the movie.
He couldn't figure out how to close it to make it into a hurrah.
There were these things that had suction cups to his head, like sea creatures. They looked like crawfish or lobsters.
Maybe it was an octopus; it had a tail that was flung out, but it had eight tentacles latched onto him.
So we will continue to pray for that, because this movie is going to be amazing for the body of Christ as a witnessing tool and we don't need him to have writer's block concerning how to finish it.
They're talking about Baal. It is a very strange word, Baal.
Who talks about—I know that's a lord. Balak kept coming. And then he said Macron, the Baal.
It says it's important to summarize: they use pagan rituals and sacrifices to try to hire spiritual power to harm God's people in opposition of God's plan.
Unsuccessfully, so he came against Israel. It is interesting because of what we've seen concerning the same Nazi.
He did come, but not with swords or armies. They'll oppose Israel spiritually and politically, not militarily.
So, it is the same thing he's doing. He's not doing anything to them militarily; he's opposing them spiritually and politically.
He's a Baal Macron, because I saw Macron's face concerning him when I heard Baal-Peor was captured near Moab during the wilderness period.
Balak was terrified by their size and recent victories. Instead of attacking them directly, he tried a proxy attack.
He hired Balaam to curse Israel. So Balaam was a false prophet.
Was that during David's time or Saul? It was before Saul or David even showed up in the timeline.
Long before David lived during Moses'time when Israel was still wandering in the wilderness, just before entering the promised land.
That makes it even better. Think of the exact time because everything always repeats itself in a cycle.
It's a Solomon concept; everything always repeats itself.
He tried to weaponize spiritual power. He spent money and sacrificed to harm them.
He persisted even after repeated failure. What does 2026 look like for you?
I know what I have inside my spirit of what I'm believing for the ministry, but what are you believing God for in 2026?
Believe God for big. Give your faith something, a job. You're just stirring yourself up to say, 'I'm believing for big.'Don't settle for little.
Believe God for bigger. I'm still believing for a million people, and we're going to hit that in 2026.
Wouldn't that be cool to say, 'Hey, we did it, Lord. We did what you told us to do'in Cairo?
Cairo is Egypt, right? So, what's that have to do with Baal? It was all connected somehow.
I heard Cairo because it was about Macron. So what's going on with Cairo? Isn't that where I saw the new war about to break through?
Egypt, yes, because I saw Egypt and a major war about to happen concerning Israel and all that.
He said they're regrouping. There are fixing to be more strikes and more war. It's all about to happen again with Iran. That's Cairo.
I saw Israel and said up there in that corner, something major is about to happen. Cairo is right by where I saw it.
So he's telling us there's something about to happen because I saw a major uprising of war again concerning Israel, Syria, Turkey, and getting ready for Ezekiel 38 and 39.
They're regrouping. I wouldn't be surprised if they start going after Iran again.
That's how serious this is going to get. We're fixing to kick this thing off again.
They're saying Bulaq was a major port. That's kind of interesting.
Bulaq is Cairo's major port. It's something to do with that.
It was all together. What does Macron have to do with it? This is how we talk through things.
We go, 'What is he showing us?'Bulaq, Cairo—these are words and he's giving us something.
What if it has to do with Egypt and where it's going to start off?
Because last time we saw Egypt, it was that video from about two weeks ago.
I saw a major uprising in that area with the guy with the black and white checkered hat.
December 6th, not too long ago, we saw something towards Syria and I said, 'Watch Syria.'This was something major.
And now we're seeing the port. So what is that all about? Is everybody good?
All hearts clear? It's almost morning; I'm sure they're tired. Well, God bless you all. I pray this video blessed you.
I appreciate every single one of you being here, and I thank God for showing up and showing us what he did.
And for all the people who got saved tonight, welcome to the family.
All 49 of you, we love you. We're excited you came to Jesus tonight.
50 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ. So, we love you. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you. We love you. God bless you. We'll see you again. Bye-bye.